Add Lucide basics guide on site (#1521)
lucide-icons/lucide: docs/guide/basics/stroke-width.md

<script setup>
import { Sandpack } from 'sandpack-vue3'
import sandpackTheme from '../../.vitepress/theme/sandpackTheme.json'
import strokeWidth from './examples/stroke-width-icon/files.ts'
import absoluteStrokeWidth from './examples/absolute-stroke-width-icon/files.ts'
</script>

# Stroke width

All icons are designed with SVG elements using strokes.
These have a default of `2px` stroke width.

The `strokeWidth` can be adjusted to create a different look of the icons.

### Adjusting stroke width with `strokeWidth` prop

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="strokeWidth"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
  }"
/>

## Absolute stroke width

> When adjusting the `size` prop the size of the strokeWidth will be relative to the size of the icon, this is default SVG behaviour. `absoluteStrokeWidth` prop is introduced to adjust this behaviour to make strokeWidth absolute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adjusting the `size` prop the size of the  stroke width will be relative to the size of the icon, this is the default SVG behavior. The `absoluteStrokeWidth` prop is introduced to adjust this behavior to make the stroke width constant no matter the size of the icon.
```

Author: Yeah good improvement, thnx!

> This means that when `absoluteStrokeWidth` is enabled and the `size` of the icons is set to `48px` the `strokeWidth` will be still rendered `2px` on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that when `absoluteStrokeWidth` is enabled and the `size` of the icons is set to `48px` the `strokeWidth` will still be `2px` on the screen.
```

> Note `2px` is default `strokeWidth` for a Lucide icon, this can be adjusted to all sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note `2px` is the default stroke width for a Lucide icon, this can be adjusted to all sizes.
```

![Absolute stroke width comparison](../../images/absolute-stroke-width-compare.png?raw=true "Absolute stroke width comparison")

### Adjusting stroke width with `absoluteStrokeWidth` prop

> Setting absoluteStrokeWidth to `true` will make the stroke width absolute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `absoluteStrokeWidth` to `true` will make the stroke width absolute.
```

<script setup>
import { Sandpack } from 'sandpack-vue3'
import sandpackTheme from '../../.vitepress/theme/sandpackTheme.json'
import strokeWidth from './examples/stroke-width-icon/files.ts'
import absoluteStrokeWidth from './examples/absolute-stroke-width-icon/files.ts'
</script>

# Stroke width

All icons are designed with SVG elements using strokes.

> These have a default of `2px` stroke width.

Reviewer 2: > These have a default stroke width of `2px`.

Sounds a bit nicer

The `strokeWidth` can be adjusted to create a different look of the icons.

## Adjusting stroke width with `strokeWidth` prop

<Sandpack
  template="react"
  :theme="sandpackTheme"
  :files="strokeWidth"
  :customSetup='{
    dependencies: {
      "lucide-react": "latest"
    }
  }'
  :options="{
    editorHeight: 300,
    editorWidthPercentage: 60,
  }"
/>

## Absolute stroke width

> When adjusting the `size` prop the size of the  stroke width will be relative to the size of the icon, this is the default SVG behavior. The `absoluteStrokeWidth` prop is introduced to adjust this behavior to make the stroke width constant no matter the size of the icon.

Reviewer 2: two spaces between "the" and "stroke"
